---
layout: post
order: 3    
title: I'm so tired and ready for a change. 
description: >
  I just don't want to do this anymore.  I'm tired.  My schooling and the 65k in student loans was just a waste, sadly.  Instead of going into graphic design when I had the chance, and like I had wanted to, I chose technology. I thought, since I didn't want to struggle financially as a single parent, it would be a lucrative profession.
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

# I'm so tired and ready for a change
I just don't want to do this anymore.  I'm tired.  My schooling and the 65k in student loans was just a waste, sadly.  Instead of going into graphic design when I had the chance, and like I had wanted to, I chose technology. I thought, since I didn't want to struggle financially as a single parent, it would be a lucrative profession.
{.:lead}

<!--more-->

My family didn't help either; my brother and sister couldn't be bothered and my dad's new wife cut me off since she was in charge of my dad's money.

## Now, let's et gback to why I'm so tired...

Several things I've fought over the last 23 years includes gender discrimination and the fact that companies prefer their tech writers have English degrees.  Sorry, I have a computer science degree and I'm proficient with technology, building my own computers and servers, developing small apps and websites, and learning new programming languages.  Companies, large to small, would prefer their tech writers have that frigging piece of paper.  Well, here's the problem with that --> the content is usually wordy and doesn't make sense.  

Over the years, especially the last 10 years, I've been hired by many companies to rewrite their content for IT professionals, making it easier to read and comprehend.  English majors tend to get wordy and talk in circles.   I've rewritten lots of Microsoft content, both while at Microsoft and at other tech companies.  But it's been a waste of time.  I'm sad that my schooling was wasted and that I'm still struggling financially after 23 years because I'm getting paid like I have less than 10 years of experience. SAD!!!  

I'm so tired.  I applied for the Sr. Technical Writer job with the company I'm currently at but I'm just a Tech Writer II :(  